[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2018 superhero film ant-man
and the wasp so let's get started the
summary relies in part that you've seen
the previous movies check out the link
in the cards for all the other Marvel
movie summaries the movie takes place
two years after Scott Lang aka ant-man
was put on house arrest for his actions
in the Civil War movie
Hank Pym and his daughter Hope briefly
opened a tunnel to the quantum realm
where they believed hopes mother Janet
has been trapped since 1987 when Lang
went to the quantum realm in ant-man 1
he unknowingly connected with Janet and
has been receiving messages from her
line contacts Pym and hope about Janet
and they kidnap him when he only has
days left on his house arrest believing
a decoy as to not arouse suspicion from
FBI agent Jimmy woo they worked to build
a way to reach Janet to retrieve her
while trying to buy parts they are
double-crossed by a black market dealer
and hope puts on the wasp outfit
fighting off the black market dealers
men but they are attacked by an unstable
masked ghost woman who steals the shrunk
down lab of PIM PIM visits his estranged
former partner bill foster to help them
locate the lab where they are captured
by the ghost revealing her identity to
be Ava star Ava's parents another former
partner of Pym died during an experiment
that caused Ava's unstable state foster
has been helping Ava planning to cure
her with Janet's quantum energy Pym
refuses believing that this will kill
Janet and the trio escape they're able
to contact Janet who gives them the
precise location to find her but warning
that they only have a short window to
get to her agent woo almost catches Lang
violating his house arrest but instead
Pym and hope are arrested as they have
been at large for some time allowing Ava
to take the shrunk down lab Lang is able
to help them escape and they are able to
recover the lab Pym enters the realm to
retrieve Janet but they are attacked by
the dealer and his men allowing Ava to
get to Janet's energy lang is helped by
his friends from the first film Pym and
Janet returned to the quantum realm and
give Ava some of her energy to stabilize
Ava temporarily
as the film concludes Lange returns home
and is released from his house arrest
and Ava and foster go into hiding during
a mid-credits scene we see them trying
to harvest quantum energy to help Ava
remain stable while Lang is in the
quantum realm though Pym Janet and hope
all disintegrate due to the Thanos is
snapping him leaving him trapped in the
quantum realm in another scene we see a
giant ant playing the drums as we see
the world has been affected by the
snapping so that was the spoilers for a
man in the wasp if you have another film
you'd like to see me spoil please let me
know in the comments below check out
movie's spoiler alerts on Instagram and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching